# Alibaba Cloud Saudi Hackathon
This project is built to meet the requirements of the competition of Alibaba Cloud in Saudi Arabia.

# Intorduction
People looking after patients may encounter issues such as following up with patients to make sure the patients took their medicine doses based on the doctor's advice.Moreover, they need to schedule when the medicines need to be re-fill from the pharmacy. For instance, wives may want to make sure that their husbands are taking medicine on time and suggested amounts or check the health progress of their husbands during the medication course. Motma'an application is built with the intent to solve these issues. The app allows the patient to inform if he took the dose, and the person looking after him can check the patient's progress in taking his medicines. Moreover, doctors can easily view a report about the patient's progress. In other words, the doctor could know if the patient took all doses on time and followed the medication plan. As a way to simplify the pharmacy supply chain and to encourage patients to continue taking their medications, a pharmacy that has pharmaceutical items available will be able to receive a prescription and will be able to deliver the pharmaceuticals. Basically, the application aims to solve two issues, which are following up with patients and scheduling medication re-fill deliveries. Due to the time limitation, the first version of the app focuses on the first service that allows the app users to follow up with the patient.

